README.MD, before:


# (FEND) Cat Clicker App
*by **Tony Boswell***

## Preface
Sorry, I'm a dog person and so I made mine into pictures of my dog, Rowdy, instead.
Check it out at this [link](https://shylmysten.github.io/FEND-Dog-Clicker-App/)



## Project Requirements for Cat Clicker Premium Pro

### Visuals

-   The application should display

    -   a list of cats by name
    -   an area to display the selected cat
    -   an admin button
    -   an admin area with inputs for changing the cat's name, url, and number of clicks (hidden by default)
-   In the cat display area, the following should be displayed

    -   the cat's name
    -   a picture of the cat
    -   text showing the number of clicks
-   The specifics of the layout do not matter, so style it however you'd like.

### Interaction

-   When a cat name is clicked in the list, the cat display area should update to show the data for the selected cat.
-   The number of clicks in the cat area should be unique to each cat, and should increment when the cat's picture is clicked.
-   When the admin button is clicked, the admin area should appear with the inputs filled in for the currently-selected cat.
-   When the cancel button in the admin area is pressed, the admin area disappears.
-   When the save button in the admin area is pressed, the currently-selected cat's values update with the values in the admin area, and the admin area disappears.

Commit message:

Updated all references to Cats

README.MD, after:


# (FEND) Dog Clicker App
*by **Tony Boswell***

## Preface
Sorry, I'm a dog person and so I made mine into pictures of my dog, Rowdy, instead.
Check it out at this [link](https://shylmysten.github.io/FEND-Dog-Clicker-App/)



## Project Requirements for Dog Clicker Premium Pro

### Visuals

-   The application should display

    -   a list of Dogs by name
    -   an area to display the selected Dog
    -   an admin button
    -   an admin area with inputs for changing the Dog's name, url, and number of clicks (hidden by default)
-   In the Dog display area, the following should be displayed

    -   the Dog's name
    -   a picture of the Dog
    -   text showing the number of clicks
-   The specifics of the layout do not matter, so style it however you'd like.

### Interaction

-   When a Dog name is clicked in the list, the Dog display area should update to show the data for the selected Dog.
-   The number of clicks in the Dog area should be unique to each Dog, and should increment when the Dog's picture is clicked.
-   When the admin button is clicked, the admin area should appear with the inputs filled in for the currently-selected Dog.
-   When the cancel button in the admin area is pressed, the admin area disappears.
-   When the save button in the admin area is pressed, the currently-selected Dog's values update with the values in the admin area, and the admin area disappears.
